Before you begin watching this interview,
you'd be wise to pick up a pencil and paper because
Burton Goldberg is going to be mentioning some
names and websites you might find very useful
in your search for alternative medicine.
As a little background,
Burton was the founder and publisher of
Alternative Medicine Magazine,
which has since changed hands,
and is the author of one of the most comprehensive
tones of alternative therapies in the world.
It's titled "Alternative Medicine: The Definitive Guide."
In fact, we had so much to talk about that this interview
will be followed by part two next month.
We covered such subjects as the truth about
Mad Cow's Disease and Alzheimers in the United States.
How nonholistic dental work is affecting your health,
and some startling news regarding cancer.
Just a little bit of background on how you ended up
as the publisher and the founders correct?
You were also the founder of Alternative Medicine Magazine?
Yes.
Yes an incredible publication.
About 30 years ago,
my friend's daughter, at the age of 19,
slit her wrist.
She was going to a psychiatrist
and frankly being talked to death.
The psychiatrist, when she slit her wrist,
said "I give up" and told the mother,
"Did you ever hear of vitamin therapy?"
Well this was 30 years ago.
They never heard of vitamin therapy
and a friend of mine had a son in California
who was a physician who practiced alternative medicine,
of all things.
So we flew to California,
and we discovered that this young girl was hypoglycemic.
That means a blood trigger imbalance,
and when treated with diet and nutrients,
she got well from mental illness:
Depression, anxiety.
Chronic depression.
So I started looking into
heart disease and cancer,
arthritis and I found that there was a whole school
that was being suppressed called Alternative Medicine
because they did things without drugs.
They did things naturally.
They went to the cause.
We moved it, fed the body,
and the body would heal itself.
I went to school in Germany and this country
and conferences with doctors
and learned some of the medical use talk
and in 1990,
I decided to do a book,
putting all the entire school under one roof.
And I did a book called "Alternative Medicine:
"The Definitive Guide."
It was 1,100 pages.
I would just say an invariable tone.
It's one fat book.
It took me four years.
I had 270 young staff.
I'm not a writer,
but I hire writers and have a smattering knowledge.
And one thing led to another.
In those days when I did Multiple Sclerosis,
I had to go to England for someone to write on it.
And what we would do is we would have people do chapters
and then we would rewrite them
and put them into one voice.
So it took four years and $2 million to do this one book,
"Alternative Medicine: A Definitive Guide."
We've updated it in 2003.
It is now 1,250 pages with vastly more information because
we took the margins out
and we learned so much since.
We became a center of information.
I was going to ask you too,
at that point you were going to Europe quite a bit.
And I remember 20, 21 years ago going to Europe
myself with a camera crew
and doing some pieces on alternative therapies
that were going on over there.
And they seem to be,
is it that they were in advance of the United States
on these technologies or just that they were operating
more in the open?
The answer is both.
Take Germany for instance.
Germany was destitute after the Second World War.
They had a history of homeopathy, natural medication,
and they had categories of physicians like
health practicioners, which are natural paths,
and they didn't have the armament that we have
in the pharmaceutical industrial complex to block it
at that time.
Of course now they do,
but because they were destitute,
they needed and didn't have very much money for drugs.
They worked the natural way.
England, of course, has some very good laws
allowing people to practice--
And the French do a lot of homeopathy
as well don't they?
Every apothecary drugstore
must carry homeopathy,
but the country is vigilant against alternative medicine
as anywhere else.
It's a money-thirsty situation that has to do with
the pharmaceutical industrial complex.
The manufacturers of pesticides and herbicides
and hormones and so forth and the food supply
also are in the pharmaceutical business since,
so they're all tied together.
So let's focus then on Germany.
But out of necessity,
really led the way in some senses in developing what became
known today as alternative medicine.
One of the great contributions that the Germans had
was a Doctor Voll, I think was a Nazi,
had a device where he used
quantum physics using residence,
and he was able to tap into the body non-invasively
using electric acupuncture
system of checking the acupuncture points
with a little trickle of electricity.
Right.
And then reading a volt meter,
and he would know whether something was effective
or couldn't be tolerated,
and whether it would do harm
and he could titrate dosage,
give the proper amount to the patient.
That was a great contribution.
The doctor's name was Voll.
And then it took off into this country.
In Salt Lake City, we had the Clark brothers who
computerized it and put much of the substances
that had to be tested so it could be organized quickly
and adopted to help the physician locate
what the poisons are.
A very important story here is that there was a
man in a hospital in Utah who was dying.
They knew he was poisoned.
He was a farmer, and they roll this electrodermal
screening device into the hospital room,
checked him, and found there was a pesticide,
one that this farmer had used frequently.
Without protection.
And so they made homeopathic doses of this
and the farmer lived.
And that's how I got into that particular area
about 20 years ago.
That's interesting that whole area using magnetic
resonance fields to be able to not only diagnose
but also treat.
Where did Rife come in in all this mix with the--
Well Rife was way before Voll,
and he came up with some rife frequencies,
supposedly to implode cancer cells and so forth and so on.
It was a great contribution,
but it's all the same.
Energy is energy is energy.
You can do it with light.
You can do it with sound.
You can do it with homeopathy
and even drugs work on it.
Of course drugs have tremendous side effects.
Can we talk a little bit about that?
About the way we're structured today.
Our standard HMO care, for example,
as you say also working alongside the
pharmaceutical industrial complex.
The number one killer in America today is doctors.
Iatrogenic medicine, doctor induced.
There was a meta-study,
Gary Null and Carolyn Dean did called
"Death by Modern Medicine."
It's a wonderful study,
and you can probably get on the website of Carolyn Dean
or Gary Null.
In there they did a metastudy that's a group of many,
many studies that showed that the number one killer
is in hospitals and nursing homes alone,
784,000 deaths a year,
from side effects of drugs
secondary infections.
You to go a hospital and you come in with an operation
and you pick up a bug--
Right.
In the hospital.
Can you imagine going into the hospital with your shoes on.
You can't go in to my friend's house with your shoes on.
Right.
You have bed sores,
and you have the side effects
of drugs and doctor mistakes.
Right.
784,000.
That would be an epidemic if it were--
It makes 9/11 pale.
Right.
Over 2,300 a day in hospitals
and nursing homes alone.
So the side effects of drugs are way underreported.
And how is this able, as I said a second ago,
this would be an epidemic.
It is an epidemic.
If it were anything else,
it would be publicly called an epidemic.
But it's not.
In fact if you watch the news,
most of the advertising companies
are pharmaceutical companies.
And because of that, and because of the money involved,
the media will not report.
And that's why it's not known to the public as an epidemic.
But the bottom line here is that we are being
poisoned to death.
Our society.
We're destroying the planet.
Not only in our global warming,
but we have going through the sky,
all kinds of pesticides and herbacides and poisons
coming from one continent to another by the winds.
We're being poisioned to death.
We're being starved to death in a land of plenty.
Our food supply is denuded.
Our food supply is adulterated,
and our food supply doesn't have the energy.
And that's why it's so very important to have
organically grown vegetabels and fruits,
and hormone, pesticide-free,
antibiotic-free beef,
chicken, and so forth.
Eggs, dairy, almond.
It's a range-grown.
And when you feed animals grain,
you miss the amino acids because
there are hardly any amino acids in the grain.
Right.
So when they fed on grass,
they imbibe these
and they go into the animal's feed
and as we consume--
And the phytonutrients.
They go into us.
So it's very, very important that we learn
how to eat.
Drinking water.
Our water supply is poisoned,
We get eight times more toxins in the bath
and shower water than we do in drinking,
so it's not only important to drink bottled water,
which is in plastic bottles that generally depart
some kind of toxin,
but we should filter our shower and bath water.
Matter of fact, if you can afford it to have
the entire house filtered because
the warm water opens up the skin
and these toxins come in.
Very good point.
That's not something you often hear.
Most people don't talk about it.
Our toothpaste has fluoride.
Fluoride kills selenium.
Selenium is very, very important for us.
Our normal dose of selenium,
we should have as much as 800 micrograms a day
and most of the charts say don't do more than 200
micrograms a day.
I was in a cancer hospital in Germany
and I watched patients get 5,000 micrograms
every other day.
As much as 7,000.
So if you have cold's and flu's
and your immune system is impaired,
do selenium.
Don't drink fluoridated water.
Don't do fluorinated water. No.
I don't drink tap water.
Right.
And I have my shower filtered.
I have a shower filter, probably a foot long,
and I change it every year.
So we have, because cancer is something you
spend so much time studying,
and just an incredible work on.
You have a DVD out,
which we'll let people know about
at the end of the interview,
let's start with what normally happens when a person
in this country finds out they have cancer.
What is the normal treatment?
Cancer is an epidemic.
In my opinion, it's not a question of
"Will I have cancer?",
it's a question of "When?".
We're talking the number two besides you said--
Cancer is the number two killer today.
Above heart disease?
Back in 2004, it advanced the number
one killer of disease.
But the number one killer are doctors and hospitals
and nursing homes.
Number two is cancer.
Number three is heart disease now.
Well this number has spiked tremendously from say
when you were born.
What were the stats back then?
I was born in 1926.
In 1926, cancer was a tenth cause of death in children.
Today, it's the second cause of death
in children behind accidents.
When my daddy was born in 1900,
one in 33 Americans had cancer of any kind, shape, or form.
Today, it's every other man and any other woman
and those are 1999 numbers from the American Cancer Society.
Every other man and woman will have
cancer in their lifetime,
and I think those are low.
Conservative numbers?
Why would they be conservative?
I mean--
Well because they're 1999 numbers.
That's the last numbers I had,
and we're now six years behind.
So five years behind.
Cancer is epidemic.
One in 33 in the turn of the century 1900 had cancer.
Today it's every other person.
One in two.
So it's astounding and nobody talks about it.
So we know what causes cancer.
When you ask conventional doctors what causes cancer,
they say, "Well the Sun, and cigarette smoking,
"and then we don't know."
And that's the problem.
That's a short list.
They don't know.
They don't want to know because we know it's pesticides,
herbicides, heavy metals, mental, dental.
Dentistry plays an enormous role.
As much as 50% in the reversal of cancer is in the mouth.
And 95% of females with breast cancer
have a dental involvement.
That's a study from a German university.
Seriously?
It's all in my DVD.
Can you talk about that a little bit now though?
That's pretty startling numbers.
Here's how the dentistry works.
Every tooth in your body is connected to organs and systems.
So if you have a prostate problem or a gallbladder problem,
it might be a tooth.
And one of the best ways of discerning is having this
electrodermal screening device using quantum physics
to tap into the body
and see what the cause is.
I'll never forget I had a cancer clinic
years ago in Scottsdale, Arizona,
and we had a man with excruciating pain
in his prostate from cancer.
And it was the tooth,
according to the electrodermal screening.
It could be the tooth or it could be the prostate
causing the tooth or it could be the tooth
causing the prostate.
And he was told to remove that tooth.
He went to a biologic dentist
and that's the only kind of dentist one should use,
a biologic that doesn't use mercury,
and understands the relationship between
organs and systems and each individual tooth.
The instant his tooth was removed,
his excruciating pain disappeared.
And this is replicated over and over
these same results?
My mentor is Vernor Scheidel, priest who lives in Germany,
Scheidel was born in Germany.
During the Nazis, he spoke badly about the Nazis
in front of his housekeeper.
She reported him, he was arrested
and put into a garden camp,
he escaped over the fence,
and ended up in Portugal.
First ship was going to Argentina where he ended up
and finished his priesthood in seminary school.
And in those days in Argentina,
in order to have people go to church,
you did two things:
You did medicine or movies.
So being a German, knowing little about homeopathy,
and he studied homeopathy because
it was inexpensive.
They had no money and it's so inexpensive to do.
You know it's number one method
of healing in India
of all places, besides the Ayurvedic.
They use homeopathy enormously.
And then after the war, he went to the Max Planck Institute
in Heidelberg, Germany and studied with the giants.
So he's my mentor.
And he says as much as 50% in the reversal of cancer
is in the mouth.
Root canals, electrolytic action
between metals,
roofers and plumbers spend more time on the relationship
to metals and boat builders than dentists.
You have mercury, which is silver fillings.
Over 50% is mercury.
Right.
It leeches 24/7.
And then you have gold
and there's electrolytic action,
just like you have in boats.
So dentistry plays a role.
And in Germany,
there's a medical school that did a study,
and they found that 95% of females with breast cancer
have a dental involvement.
The mercury not only leeches out of the mouth
and go in all throughout the body,
but goes into the ganglia, particularly in the breast.
And through the ganglia,
which is a roundhouse of energy,
comes a blood supply and the Meridian system
for the various organs.
And it gets insulted by the mercury and tightens,
and then you can't have a flow of lymphocytes,
and the garber removal from the breast.
And that's why we have so much breast cancer.
Plus the pesticides and the herbicides and so forth.
So when you do split biopsies,
half to pathology is cancerous,
and the other half to toxicology inside the tumor,
they find arsenic, chloridine, and DDT, and PCB's.
Now I live in Marin County, California,
which is the highest breast cancer rate
and one of the highest prostate cancer rates in America.
And I've been on the board of the group of
trying to find out the causation of cancer.
And when I say "Let's go to their hospitals,
"take the tissue that's removed in biopsies,
"Send them to toxicology to find out
"what is inside the tumor," they don't wanna do it.
So conventional medicine seems not want to get
involved in the causation.
And until you do,
you're gonna have this Holocaust.
We can understand there might be
some motivation there.
There's a lot of money in cancer for the medical industry,
I assume.
There's a fair amount of subsidy.
On my website,
if you wanna see the truth about the
National Cancer Institute not wanting to cure cancer,
on my website burton goldberg dot com,
you go to my congressional testimony before the
Burton Committee into the year 2000.
And I tell the story about hydrazine sulfate.
A Doctor Joe Gold in Syracuse, New York gave to humanity
this invention of his.
Hydrazine sulfate is rocket fuel.
It costs pennies a day to buy orally
and has helped many, many people who have
to catch the form of wasting away in AIDS and in cancer.
And what happens is the cancer produces lactic acid.
It goes through the liver.
Lactic acid is like a turbo charge for the cancer.
And hydrazine sulfate stops that particular action.
And there are people who really got well.
Sloan Kettering was assigned to do a task
and Doctor Joe Gold said to Sloan Kettering,
"You've got to be very careful that you don't give
"too much or too little so many grams
"per killogram of body weight.
"There are no sleeping pills
"or amphetamines
"or alcohol because they negate its efficacy.
"And if you do this,
"you'll have good success that we've had at
"Harbor Hospital, UCLA, and Petrov Institute in Russia
"where we had a 50% efficacy for pennies a day
"with hundreds of patients."
Sloan Kettering scuddled the test.
They forbid the use of these sleeping pills,
amphetamines, and alcohol and so forth,
and they overdosed their patients
and consequently these people passed on.
Were they overdosed with a
hydrogen sulfate you're saying?
Correct. They overdosed them with hydrogen sulfate.
Now all this story has been checked by the
General Accounting Office of the U.S. government.
And when the report was ready to go out,
the man who did the report, Barry Tice,
retired after 30 years.
And for the first time in his career of 30 years
between the American Cancer Society
and the General Accounting Office,
they modified his report to turn it into
that they did no harm when actually these people--
Falsified the documents.
Because the tests were done incorrectly.
They wanted to prove it wrong.
Now this study was done at Penthouse Magazine
many years ago because
Guccione and a guy by the name of Doctor Albert Freeman
who worked with him, was very much into cancer.
And it cost them thousands of dollars in advertising
because the car ads pulled out because
the agency's representing the pharmaceutical industry.
And they punished him financially.
But the story got out and Sloan Kettering never sued
Penthouse magazine for the story telling how the
General Accounting Office caught them red-handed.
So what is at the backbone of this?
One would have to begin looking at it as a conspiracy
of sorts to keep people ill.
What is at the backbone of this?
Exactly what you just said.
It's a conspiracy not to cure cancer, period.
They don't wnat to cure it.
Anytime anything comes up that's natural,
they'll shut it down.
In the state of California,
the only way you can treat cancer is with chemotherapy,
radiation, and surgery.
Now early stage cancer is easily reversed
with natural substances.
Later state cancer, you might very well
have to use chemotherapy.
When I did my first book on cancer, it's 1,100-page book,
"Alternative Medicine: A Definitive Guide",
it sold something like 100,000 copies.
It was a $50 book at 37 doctors.
I did not believe in chemotherapy
and the way chemotherapy is practiced today,
I don't believe because it's done blindly.
Kind of like throwing spaghetti against the wall
and see what sticks?
Exactly. They are blindly
giving you chemotherapy.
Now here's the story with chemotherapy.
There's a laboratory in Germany,
the only one in the world that works on the patient's
blood to find out what will work on the primary tumor
and more important,
what will work on the disseminated micromestastasis cells
because what works on the primary tumor
will not work on the disseminated micrometastasis.
It's easy to shrink the tumor,
to remove it,
but it goes through the blood supply with a knife.
It goes through the blood supply even if you don't
use a knife.
All tumors shed,
and my mentor here was Albert Scheller,
a wonderful physician who I felt was one of the
finest physicians in the world.
I did a film on him
back in 2004.
He taught me that,
and he had worked with this laboratory doing a test
that will tell you which chemo will work on your tumor
so you're not doing it blindly.
Right.
And then one can use low-dose chemotherapy
with hypothermia or insulin-potentiated where they put
a little sugar in that is attracted to the cancer 'cause
cancer loves sugar.
I saw a story in the U.S. News Report
newspaper the other day.
I was down in Virginia,
and the question was,
"Does sugar affect cancer?"
And the American Cancer Society says,
"No. There's no known reason."
And yet when you do a PET scan,
if they want that radiation to go into the tumor,
they put sugar in it.
Sugar. You'd think they--
You think they would know.
But the American Cancer Society.
So basically the sugar pacifies
or attracts the cancer cells or feeds it.
Absolutely.
The cancer industry is like Alice in Wonderland going
through the looking glass.
It is totally corrupt.
Now, the man in Germany who developed this test,
or this laboratory,
and incidentally the website for them is
www dot B-I-O-F-O-C-U-S
dot de, deutschland.
They're the only ones in the world that do it,
and you click on the English flag,
or the American flag,
and you'll have it in english.
And there, instead of having an 80% failure
because in the case of chemotherapy,
80% of chemotherapy fails.
Only 20% is effective.
These are medical studies.
And of the 80%,
60% does harm.
And that's why this test, you'll reverse it.
You have an 82% success rate with chemo
by knowing exactly what will do the micrometastasis
because it goes to the lung, liver, the spleen,
the breast, the brains.
It's very, very important to know that the biofocus
test is available.
Yes, and we're in fact,
a little later we're going to talk about a number
of modalities that people can look toward.
And if we can continue along,
you were saying that this industry is corrupt.
There has to be a motivation.
Generally, it means follow the money.
There must be a profitable industry, the cancer industry.
Is that correct?
Of course.
So can you talk a little bit toward that?
We all know that chemotherapy is highly expensive,
and they don't want anything to interrupt this practice
of using chemotherapy.
But couldn't they use chemo wisely?
Still get their money?
They could use it wisely, but they don't want to.
The National Cancer Institute was offered to do studies
on this test for no money to get the same incredible results
that these clinics,
who go to and use this biofocus blood test,
and yet they haven't done it.
There's no desire to make a change.
They want to keep it just the way it is.
With that said,
so you're not seeing that there's going to be
any large breakthrough anytime soon on the--
Well there is a large breakthrough,
but they don't want it.
Right.
But they don't go near it.
But if you go to an HMO with cancer,
you're an average citizen.
An HMO will extend this.
We have audiences all around the world.
If you go to a standard medical institution for your cancer,
what is your treatment going to look like
and what are the stats on it?
Here's the problem.
They consider cancer cured after five years.
What happens after five years in two months
or three days,
every tumor sheds,
and sooner or later,
it comes back with vengeance almost always.
And that's why this blood test is so very, very important.
To nip it in the bud.
One can see where it is, how virulent it is,
and what substances to use.
And these are all conventional substances.
So yes, they could do it,
but they don't.
And when I mentioned this--
Does that mean because they're going to
get repeat business in another three to five,
seven years or what?
To do alternative, I call it integrative medicine
using the best of both worlds,
again early stage cancers does not need to use
these chemotherapies and radiation.
Radiation, I think, is absolutely horrible.
There are times when you need it to shrink lung cancers
or something or shrink a brain to keep somebody alive,
but it does horrible damage.
It's astoundingly bad.
And it comes back with vengeance.
How often, in early stage cancer,
are these modalities used?
Well there are a few clinics all over the place,
and there are certain people who really pay attention
to this and study it
and it's not used as frequently as it should.
The HMO's and so forth don't go near it.
They don't pay for it on the insurance,
and that's one of the great--
This is a big one,
and I want to get to that in a minute.
Say you've found out you have early stage cancer,
and you're going to your HMO.
What are they going to do for you right then and there?
They're going to give you chemotherapy and radiation.
At the earliest stages?
Chemotherapy and radiation.
They're not going to look at the micrometastasis.
They don't know how.
They're looking at a microscope backwards.
They don't have a clue.
In early stage cancer using radiation
and chemotherapy, which have sometimes very
devastating side effects as we know,
then what kind of success--
You get an advantage,
then they say it's gone.
You're in remission,
and then one year, two years,
five years, seven years,
the most important thing for the audience to know
is that the cancer that you have been diagnosed with
has been there six, seven, eight years,
and there are ways of seeing it coming early.
This blood test in Germany is one simple place,
but it's easy to see it with electrodermal screening,
but never using one thing alone.
Vector in with several different methods of diagnoses,
conventional blood tests, PET scans, and so forth.
CAT scans, MRI's,
and in the case of breast cancer,
they use mammograms.
Well mammograms cause cancer.
Yeah.
Mammograms not only cause cancer,
they did studies and since 1982,
It's up I think
380% ductal carcinoma insitu since 1982,
since with thrust for annual mammograms.
And the better way than mammograms is self-examination
and thermography.
What's thermography?
They have a camera that checks temperature,
and when a tumor is fed blood,
it shows up as heat.
Blood is warm,
and it shows up as being heat.
And so they're looking for the heat imprint
on the camera, the digital camera.
Thermography sees cancer many years earlier.
They don't have to clamp the breast,
which can spread it.
As you squeeze it,
you can squeeze it into the body like toothpaste
and it's extremely painful.
If doctors had that squeeze on their testicles,
you wouldn't be having mammograms.
No you wouldn't (laughs).
It is painful.
So the point is mammography sees it
as much as seven years earlier.
And nothing is perfect,
so you do multiple vectors.
But self-examination has been shown in Canada
and England to be just as effective as mammograms.
As a matter of fact more effective,
and mammograms do cause cancer.
When you go to the dentist--
[Regina[ The radiation, yeah.
When you go to the dentist,
they put a lead sheet over your sexual organs
when they're going to photograph your mouth, X-ray it.
And then they run out of the room.
Why are they running?
Because that radiation kills the cells, it modifies them.
They become aberrant, and they reproduce aberrantly,
and that's cancer.
Right. Well now with the thermography,
where is this available?
What is it generally called
and where is it available?
It's called thermography,
and it's available through many
advanced-thinking physicians.
So if you went online, for example,
to look under thermography.
Google thermography,
and you'll find and read.
You'll see how superior it is.
Well in traditional medical industry,
you're treated like a piece of meat.
They don't talk about diet.
They don't talk about no sugar.
When you go to the hospital and they do an operation,
they feed you Jello-O,
which is 70% sugar.
Their diet and nutrition is atrocious.
You have radiation.
They want to make sure it doesn't come back,
but that doesn't do the job.
This blood test is the only thing I know
that really sees and tells the physician
what to use on that particular patient.
For instance, I have a man whose life I saved.
I am a consultant to people with cancer.
I sent him to Germany.
In this case, he had metastasized prostate to the bone.
In excruciating pain.
When he went overseas,
he laid flat on the plane so that
he couldn't sit in the chair.
He was in such excruciating pain.
In several days they had his pain gone using Samarium,
a product that's done differently in Germany,
and they also found through this blood test that they use,
that he needed an ovarian cancer chemo,
Interesting.
And that did the job.
It knocked out most of his cancer cells.
Then I've seen people with colorectal cancer
who needed her septum,
which is used for the breast.
So you never know,
and that's why the chest thing,
the DNA of your cancer is the way to go.
Okay so that wouldn't happen as a rule.
You would end up on a sort of a broad-spectrum
kind of chemo?
They have a standard protocol for various cancers,
and it's truly medieval.
Okay.
Conventional treatment is medieval.
So at best,
you're going to have either the tumor snipped out
and they're going to follow it up
with some radiation or chemo?
No I have a clinic in Nevada
that uses a product that,
and see in most cases when they have cancer,
the doctors want to stop the blood supply.
Angiogenesis because the blood supplies
feeds the tumor and it allows it to grow.
But in this case,
this cancer clinic does not want to stop angiogenesis
because that will bring in this medication that they have
that's an herbal,
it's homeopathic.
It's herbal inside of an herb out of the far east,
and it has a little bit of DMSO,
and this doctor is the only one in America using it,
and he developed this with some ventures and scientists,
and he does it in his clinic.
And as a homeopathic oncologist,
he's able to do it.
And the results are astounding.
Absolutely astounding because it's a different mechanism.
It doesn't kill the cancer,
it stops its replication and the cancer dies itself.
And this is in a clinic in Nevada?
Yeah.
Are you able to share,
we're going to have people go to your book.
Certainly, and it's also.
It's not in my book.
Although Doctor Forsythe is the doctor in my book.
He's an oncologist, and he's an integrative,
and in my opinion,
he's the finest integrated physician in America.
And he's the one using this particular--
He's the one doing this salicinium,
which is a product that he has developed
and he has given it to patients,
along with chemotherapy, if necessary,
he uses the blood test in Germany.
He uses low-dose,
he uses insulin-potentiated therapy,
which sucks into the tumor,
and so the sugar of the insulin pulls as a Trojan horse
to chemo in there,
so they can use low-dose 10% or 20% or 30%,
but you don't have that systemic problem
that you do with chemotherapy.
Like pulling the rest of your immune system,
The losing your hair, vomiting, etc.
It's much less,
but if you have to use chemotherapy.
But in this case, in many cases,
he doesn't have to use chemotherapy.
And this is Doctor Forsythe,
F-O-R-S-Y-T-H-E?
Yeah, if you're gonna go--
First name, do we need one?
His name is James.
And of course I have people go to him,
and then I have them go to dentist.
I have them go for colema colonics.
Can you talk about that?
We've already talked about the teeth.
It's very important to have the gut cleaned out.
Many people are sitting there with five to ten pounds
of fecal matter stuck into the colon,
and they're full of parasites
and so forth and so on.
So all that has to be cleaned out,
and so colonics are very important
so you can absorb the nutrition that's given to you.
Doctor Forsyhte is very big on nutrition.
He has various programs for various kinds of cancer
in nutrition to build them up,
and then what's very important is they lymph massage.
They have a device called the light-beam generator
which fractionalizes molecules
and opens up the lymph system.
It's ignored in conventional medicine,
except when they have cancer in the lymph.
Right.
But they don't understand that the lymph can be opened up.
I earned an honorary doctorate by writing about that.
It's called "The light-beam generator."
There was an admiral in Pennsylvania
who had a wife with lymphodema.
Her leg was so big she was about to bust.
She was dying.
The Rear Admiral Timothy Fanning,
read my book, found "The Light-Beam Generator."
Found a doctor in Oregon who practiced it.
Went there, and they helped fractionalize the buildup
of calcium, the key that allowed that lymphodema to expand.
This doctor used a dark-field microscope.
And dark-field microscopy is very important.
What did you call it again?
Dark-field microscopy.
Let's talk about that.
Seen in the blood.
And they put this patient to sleep.
Woke her up in two hours, pricked her finger,
and found an elephantitis parasite.
So they used a drug out of England that was for
elephantitis using alternative and conventional
using integrated medicine,
and voila she's alive today, Muffy Fanning.
Incredible.
She has another name now, they divorced.
And he became Chairman of the board of a medical school
and gave me an honorary doctorate in humanities.
So you can call me doctor.
Doctor Burton Goldberg.
Well you know, you deserve it.
By now you have done such an incredible job of research.
But I don't want to wrap it up just yet.
So we start with going to your dentist
and having the middle fillings basically silver--
Going to a biologic dentist.
Don't go to your dentist because
your dentist is probably ignorant of the importance
and how root canals can go bad.
Cavitations, where a tooth is pulled,
like a wisdom tooth,
and if the doctor didn't properly go in there and cleanse,
scrape down to the bone getting rid all the necrotic tissue,
it heals over.
You don't have any inclination,
but it's brewing in there,
affecting the meridian system,
so it's gonna affect every organ and system in the body.
Well this is another thing.
We think of reflexology.
We think of acupuncture, acupressure, and etc.
It's starting in the hands,
terminating in the hands, the feet, and the ears,
but it's not very often that you hear about the meridians
running through basically the jaw and the teeth.
That's a really big point that's ignored.
You know that song,
"The kneebone is connected to the headbone?"
Praise the Lord.
Everything is connected to the toothbone,
fom what I'm hearing here.
Everything is connected.
That's why reflexology is the bottom of the feet.
You have the same thing in your hands.
You have microsystems throughout the body.
The ear, the auricular therapy.
There's a wonderful device called the Ondamed,
O-N-D-A-M-E-D dot net or org.
This device does the work of Nogier in France
where you unravel.
People are stuck,
and they'd hold the pulse,
and they run these frequencies, right frequencies.
This is way beyond rife
and Gonoans have been able to reproduce Rife's work.
But this device is great for Lyme disease
and for all kinds of health conditions,
emotional conditions by unblocking it,
and going one thing after another using frequencies.
It runs through 32,000 so-called Rife frequencies,
but it's a biofeedback device.
FDA approved, and it's wonderful
for all kinds of health conditions, including cancer.
So we have again, you go to a bio dentist,
you have your colonics to flesh out--
Biologic dentist.
It's very important that you use one who understands
the relationship between the teeth and the body.
Any dentist, of course, and when they do remove the mercury,
it has to be done properly because
you can get in deeper trouble
if you go to an ordinary dentist because
a good biologic dentist wear a gas mask,
so he himself and his nurse and the patient
will be on oxygen and have a dam in the mouth,
and there'll be a suction pulling out all these vapors
that come from mercury.
Mercury fillings leech 24 hours every day of your life,
and that mercury then becomes an organic mercury,
which is 100 times more toxic.
Oh boy I think it's time to--
I'm doing a movie now called "Do No Harm",
and one of my major storylines is Autism.
Autism has increased in America
from 1992 to 2002
1,700%.
Our children are being destroyed
and being poisoned to death through the mother
through the umbilical cord by heavy metals,
and I don't mean mercury from thimerosal, the injections,
but cadmium, lead, aluminum,
and all the poisons and toxins.
And the wonderful story here is that there is
a wonderful doctor by the name of Amy Yasko,
a Ph.D. up in Maine,
who discovered that these autistic children have a gene,
the COM something or other gene,
that does not allow them to detoxify.
Interesting.
So when they have hair analysis for heavy metals,
those children who have no heavy metals in the hair
are the ones that are the worst because
they haven't been able to detoxify
and allow the metals to end up in the hair.
And all of these metals,
if you have an overabundance of them,
interfere with brain functioning.
Absolutely.
Every one of them.
Amazing.
And that is one of the major problems.
And how do they know this?
What is the proof?
Because they detoxified,
she has an RNA product that will switch
the genes on and off.
In this case, you want to switch on the gene
that prohibits the detoxification,
to turn around the opposite way,
and the children start dumping once they're
given chelating aspects,
the various methods of chelation,
or pulling out the heavy metals,
and these children become normal.
Yeah. This is incredible.
And that's the movie I'm doing for the silver screen
called "Do No Harm."
Wonderful.
We should get you in touch with Ron Davis,
who we also feature on our site who works with
autism and dyslexia and is autistic himself.
Was born autistic.
It might be very interesting work
the two of you could share.
Do you have something more about autism
or can we bounce back a bit because
I want to get your take on some things.
You okay with this?
Okay, so going back into the cancer scene.
We've looked at the colonics
and the biological dentistry, lymph massage,
and you brought up a number of--
Diet and nutrition.
I want to talk to you about that next.
And psychological.
The mind and body.
Let's go next to how
the dietary element of the creation of cancer,
some of the biggest culprits.
Well, we put hormones in our beef
to make them big and fat.
We use antibiotics to keep them alive
in filthy conditions,
both chickens as well as beef and chicken.
We feed them food that they're not accustomed to,
grain-fed, so they become more delicious to the palate,
but at the same time, starving us.
And it's just not normal.
So for the beef and--
So when you have sick animals,
you just give them more antibiotics.
Right.
Milk is a good example.
Milk is full of antibiotics that the cows are given.
That's because the utters get infected,
so they have--
Particularly with the bovine growth hormone,
this does give more infections.
And so the FDA has allowed more and more
antibiotics to be used on these animals,
and it goes into our body,
and it affects us because
it then kills off the friendly bacteria within our body.
And this is one of the reasons why our immune systems
are so poorly adjusted.
So secondhand antibiotics,
secondhand growth hormones.
But one of the major causes of cancer in this country
is nuclear energy.
Let's talk about that.
Nuclear energy has about 20 toxins emanating
from every smoke stack on every nuclear power plant
and nuclear bomb.
Strontium-90 is one that they test.
There is a study in this country called
the "Toothfairy Project",
where they take deciduous teeth of children,
children's teeth fall out,
and then instead of drilling into the bone,
you can take their teeth,
and you find those children with cancer
with higher rates of Strontium-90, Iodine-131,
and all those other toxins.
Every nuclear power plant in America emanates
and causes higher rates of cancer within 100 mile
of every plant.
In California, it goes into the water supply,
into winter vegetables in the San Joaquin Valley.
It goes in the sky,
so you have higher rates of cancer around
every nuclear power plant.
Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, has one of the highest rates.
They have 11 operating nuclear power plants
feeding the citizens of Philadephia.
Three-Mile island, we all know that story,
and there's many others.
In New York state, Long Island has a plant.
There's two I think out there.
There's two in Connecticut.
There's some in New Jersey,
and the lobster in Long Island Sound,
not only the tissue,
but the shell and the tissue have Strontium-90 in it.
Now what is wrong with Strontium-90?
It only emanates from nuclear energy.
It never existed on earth until nuclear power was invented.
And it goes into the body,
goes into the bone marrow,
which is the center of B-cells,
and is the heart of our immune system.
And it destroys it,
and then it converts inside the body to yttrium,
from strontium to yttrium-90,
and that destroys the bone marrow.
And so that's one of the mechanisms.
So this has to do with leukemia in children?
Absolutely.
Yes.
This nuclear energy has to do with asthma
and all these high rates of diabetes.
Everything. It affects the entire organs and entire body.
It is imperative to know this.
Now there's radiation dot org is a wonderful
website to go to.
Www dot radiation dot org.
Very important to read about the "Toothfairy Project"
and to see the U.S. government's statistics showing
and proving that nuclear energy
is highly detrimental to the human.
Okay so not good for people who
live in close proximity to a nuclear power plant.
So what does go past that now to--
When these power plants are disassembled,
like up in Maine, Yankee Plant was stopped,
there's no longer radiation in the shells
and the tissue of the lobsters of Maine.
So don't eat Maine lobster.
Don't eat Long Island lobster.
Eat Maine lobster.
Okay that's right.
It's not lobster, it's lobster (with accent).
(laughs)
(with accent) No Long Island lobster.
Well Long Island's a very good example.
We had so many farmers and pesticides and herbicides
and extremely high rates of cancer.
You put that stack on top of the nuclear energy,
and voila, you end up with this epidemic of cancer.
And incidentally, Mad Cow disease is in this country.
Is in this country.
You Google Yale University Jakob Creutzfeldt.
How do you spell that?
Jacob J-A-C-O-B Creutzfeldt,
I can't remember.
Yale University autopsies Alzheimer.
14% of the autopsies on Alzheimer patients
were Mad Cow's Disease.
At Yale, five-and-a-half percent at University of Pittsburg.
Oh my gosh.
Now this is information that should have made the news.
This doesn't make the news because
they have the pharmaceutical industrial process to try
keeping the media closed-mouthed.
It's there. I found it.
I've done editorials on it.
You talk about whistleblowing,
and let me give you another story.
Okay.
The agriculture department of the United States government
was asked by Stanley Prusiner who won a Nobel Prize
for doing the prion,
which is the basis of Mad Cow's Disease.
That's the pathogen.
He said, "We can test every animal for a dollar an animal."
It was Creekstone with the shippers,
they want to ship to Japan.
They were denied by the agriculture institute.
It was denied by the Agriculture Department of the
United States government.
They are all in collusion.
Mad Cow's Disease is in this country
and it's responsible for an enormous amount
of Alzheimer's disease.
Burton.
Well first of all,
I know that we could talk for days
and we're almost at the end of the first hour,
so what I'd like to do is stop here
and then we're going to jump over.
We've got a number of things I want to talk
to you about and just put a new tape in
and go to part two.
(slow melodic music)
As I mentioned at the beginning of the interview,
come back next month for part two.
Meanwhile, you may want to pick up a copy
of his book on alternative medicine as well as
his DVD's that explore groundbreaking cancer diagnoses
and treatment options.
Just click on this link below.
Until next time, thanks for watching.
(rhythmic melodic music)